full spelling and grammar check/and correction (#70)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/millennium-os/manual/chapters/30_usage.md

That said, there are several different probing methods, and the post-processor is not used during the configuration process, so it is important to explain how the post-processor and MillenniumOS on RRF interact.

## Post-Processor

The MillenniumOS post-processors are relatively simple - rather than outputting any particularly complex gcode sequences to perform tool changes or probing cycles, they rely on the knowledge that the firmware (RRF, and therefore MillenniumOS macros running on top of it) are best placed to implement these safely. The gcode is designed to be simple to read and well commented, so for those with a less-trusting nature, it should be easy enough to open in a text editor and understand what it will command your mill to do.

![Image showing Post-Process tab of a Fusion360 Setup](../img/mos_usage_step_0.png){: .shadow-dark }

---

### WCS Offsets / Work Co-ordinate Systems

The **"WCS offset"** setting of the **"Setup"** selects the WCS that will be switched into before running the tool paths configured in the Setup.

> A value of `0` in this field corresponds to `G54`, or the *first* WCS. We do not allow the output of gcode in machine coordinates so this field is zero-indexed. A value of 2 corresponds to `G56`, or the *third* WCS.

Reviewer: This behaviour was changed in `v0.3.0` to follow industry standard.

```suggestion
A value of `0` or `1` in this field corresponds to `G54`, or the *first* WCS, as we do not allow the output of gcode in machine coordinates (`G53`). 

This follows industry standard so that offsets 2 and 3 correspond to `G55` and `G56` respectively.
```

```

!!! warning

>  You can see here the "mismatch" between Fusion360 and RRF / DWC - **Work Offset 0** in Fusion360 corresponds to **WCS 1** in DWC (the offset is *from the first WCS* rather than from *G53, or Machine Co-ordinates*). This is because we do not allow code in machine coordinates to be outputted.

Author: Mistake

### Combining Multiple Operations

One of the most painful Fusion360 limitations, when you don't have a subscription, is not being able to export a single file that uses multiple tools.

You can get around this by exporting each set of operations using the same tool individually, and then combining them after using a text editor or similar. To simplify this process, you should turn off **"Output job setup commands"** for all but the first exported file, which will skip any homing or probing cycles that normally occur at the start of each file.

Probing will still be triggered before switching into a new WCS, and the tools will still be outputted before they are needed, but the machine will not re-home or run any probing cycles at the start of each new set of operations.

### FreeCAD

> The FreeCAD post-processor supports most of the functionality of the Fusion360 post-processor except low-memory mode (as FreeCAD itself already linearizes arc moves), and per-operation support for changing post-processor options (which is a limitation of FreeCAD and can be worked around by using multiple Path Jobs).

Reviewer 2: "linearises" correct

please use EN-GB spelling

                        Show gcode in FreeCAD Editor before saving to file.
  --output-job-setup, --no-output-job-setup
                        When enabled, the post-processor will output

>                         supplemental commands to ensure the machine is

Reviewer: Please don't replace anything in this code block directly, it's copy and pasted from the help text produced by the post-processor itself. It probably needs updating now that later versions of the post-processor are available with some new features.

It has 2 modes - **Quick** or `Q1`, which takes a single probe point on each surface, and **Full** (`Q0` or unset) which takes 2 probe points along each surface forming the corner.

**Quick** mode is useful when you know the workpiece is square and properly aligned with the axes of the machine. The corner location is identified by the X coordinate when probing on the X surface, and the Y coordinate when probing on the Y surface.

**Full** mode is useful when you are unsure that the workpiece is square or properly aligned with the axes of the machine. The corner location is identified by taking 2 measurements along each surface, drawing a line through the points on each axis, and then calculating where those lines cross. This allows us to calculate the angle of the corner, and if it is square we can also calculate the rotation of the workpiece about the machine axes.

!!! tip
    Calculating the rotation of the workpiece gives us the information required to compensate for this rotation using RRF's `G68` code. This is not currently implemented but is planned for a later release of MillenniumOS.

>     The rotation value will be printed to the console after running this probe cycle and can be viewed using the `M7600` command before running another probe cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The rotation value will be printed to the console after running this probe cycle and can be viewed using the `M7601` command.
```

```

!!! note

>     Single surface only probes at a single location. This means it is not possible to estimate the angle of a surface, for example, to check if a workpiece is rotated and not aligned with the X or Y-Axis. It should only be used against known flat surfaces or surfaces that are *going to be made flat* (with respect to the mounting of the workpiece against the table).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Single Surface only probes at a single location. This means it is not possible to estimate the angle of a surface, for example, to check if a workpiece is rotated and not aligned with the X or Y-Axis. It should only be used against known flat surfaces or surfaces that are *going to be made flat* (with respect to the mounting of the workpiece against the table).
```
